[Music]
all right you smart cookie
see if you can solve these seven riddles
with a twist
so you think you can crack any riddle
out there
not so fast these riddles may look easy
enough at first glance
but once you find out the correct answer
you'll be beating yourself
up for not paying closer attention to
the details
can you be really attentive and think
outside of the box
let's find out
[Music]
riddle number one the secret password
matt wants to get into a private club
but the entry requires a password that
he doesn't know
so he steps off to the side and
eavesdrops on
entering club members giving the
password when one club member
walks up to the door the bouncer says
12.
she replies six and is let in then
another member comes to the door
this time when the bouncer says six the
man replies three
and gets in matt's sure that he sees the
pattern
and walks up to the door the bouncer
says 10
and matt replies five to matt's surprise
the bouncer doesn't let him in can you
figure out what matt should have said to
get in
you have 10 seconds to think about it
[Music]
do you have your answer ready let's see
if it's the right one
matt was actually supposed to say how
many letters there are in the number
that the bouncer says
the word 12 has six letters and the word
six has
three ten has three letters so the
password should have been
three isn't that easy
[Music]
riddle number two a mugging
a man walked into a police station
claiming he had just been mugged
the police officer asked him to describe
exactly what happened
so the man explained i was on my way to
the bank
and i had one hundred thousand dollars
in my briefcase
suddenly a man wearing black clothes a
black mask
and black gloves jumped me grabbed my
briefcase and
ran away the police officer noted a
fresh cut on the man's face
and asked if it were from the attack the
man replied
yeah the mugger was wearing a silver
ring on his left hand
and it cut me when he punched me the
police officer
immediately knew that the man was lying
how did he figure it out
time sticking
this one's pretty easy if you paid close
attention to the man's story
you probably remember that the so-called
victim said that the attacker was
wearing black gloves right
so even if the ring had cut his face
through the glove
how could the man know whether the
mugger's ring was made out of gold or
silver
or any other material liar liar pants on
fire
riddle number three jack's dilemma
jack has a lion a lamb and a bale of hay
he wants to cross a river but there's
only one boat
and it can't hold the weight of more
than two items at a time
jack also has to make sure that the lion
doesn't eat the lamb
and that the lamb doesn't eat the hay
how can poor jack get to the other side
of the river with all three objects safe
and sound
you have 10 seconds to find a solution
the plan isn't all that difficult jack
should first take the lamb across
then he can take the bale of hay across
and bring the lamb back
after that he should take the line
across but leave the lamb
finally he needs to go back for the
lonesome lamb and take it across
there all three get to the other side of
the river unharmed
let's just hope that the lion won't eat
him
[Music]
riddle number four a life or death
decision
[Music]
tom was walking in the woods when he
suddenly came upon a big house
the house looked abandoned so tom in
true scary movie form
decided to check it out but as soon as
he walked in
you know what happened the door behind
him slammed shot
tom found a note saying the door behind
him is locked but there are four
unlocked doors that he can use to get
out the problem is
what's behind those doors if tom opens
the first door
he'll immediately fall into a tank full
of hungry sharks
the room behind the second door is
filled with lethal gas
behind the third door awaits an
unescapable well full of water
and if tom chooses the fourth door he'll
face a chainsaw wielding serial killer
who murdered 100 people in 1918 alone
dang psycho so which door should tom
choose to survive
your 10 seconds starts now
what a choice to make huh looks like
death is behind each one
well death is waiting behind each door
except for the last one
although the killer sounds like the last
thing you'd want to choose
he was slaying people a century ago so
tom will probably just be met by a dusty
old skeleton
covered in cobwebs harmless well unless
you don't like dust
or spiders
riddle number five card trick
adam is given a deck of 52 cards he
knows that there are 13
cards facing up while the rest are
facing down
in a random order he needs to create two
piles with the same number of cards
facing up
oh and adam is blindfolded and can't see
a thing
so how can he do it
[Music]
easy adam just needs to take the first
13 cards from the top and simply flip
them over
done if you don't believe it let's break
it down together
imagine you took the first 13 cards from
the top
let's say there are nine cards in that
group that are facing up
that means the remaining pile would only
have four cards facing up
since we know from the beginning that 13
of the 52 cards were facing up
so if you flip the first pile over four
cards will be facing up
and nine will be facing down four and
four
there you go
riddle number six the odd one
[Music]
look carefully at these five figures the
question is simple
which one of these objects does not
belong in the group
a good old odd one out riddle here are
your 10 seconds
[Music]
did you figure it out get it figure
anyway if you choose the first figure
congratulations
you're absolutely right and why is that
because it's the only object that
doesn't have an individual trait
the second one is round which is
different from any other shape
the third object doesn't have an outline
around it the fourth one
is a different color from the rest and
the fifth shape is much
smaller than the others so we're simply
left with the first figure
which is the only one that's not odd in
any way
tricked yeah
riddle number seven the ticket clerk
a deaf and mute man came up to the
ticket counter at a subway station
the tickets cost 50 cents each the man
handed over a dollar and the ticket
clerk gave him two tickets without even
checking
how did the ticket seller know that the
man needed two tickets
try to crack this mystery in 10 seconds
[Music]
ready or not here's the answer the deaf
and mute man
gave four quarters so the ticket clerk
could be certain that he wanted two
tickets
otherwise he would have given only two
of his quarters
it's as simple as that
all right how many of these riddles did
you get right
tell us in the comments below and don't
forget to share your video with your
friends and family to find out whether
they'll be able to crack them too stay
on the bright side of life
and we'll see you soon